.NET (v3): Adding SageMaker workflow example (#5022)
awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples: dotnetv3/SageMaker/Scenarios/README.md

# Create and execute a SageMaker geospatial pipeline using an AWS SDK

## Overview

> This scenario demonstrates how to work with Amazon SageMaker (SageMaker) pipelines and geospatial jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This scenario demonstrates how to work with Amazon SageMaker pipelines and geospatial jobs.
```

A [SageMaker pipeline](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/pipelines.html) is a series of 
interconnected steps that can be used to automate machine learning workflows. Pipelines can be created 
and executed from SageMaker Studio using Python, but you can also work with them using AWS SDKs in other
languages. Creating, executing, and monitoring operations for SageMaker pipelines are all available using the SDKs.

### Pipeline Steps
This example pipeline includes an [AWS Lambda step](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/build-and-manage-steps.html#step-type-lambda) 
and a [callback step](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/build-and-manage-steps.html#step-type-callback), 
which are processed by the same example Lambda function. The Lambda handles starting a SageMaker job, or an export function, or the processing of the Amazon SQS queue message that 

> is used for SageMaker callback steps. This Lambda code is included as part of this example. 

Reviewer: This sentence reads a little awkwardly for me. I think it's the string of 'or' clauses. Break it up in some way? Or bullet list?

Author: I reworked it with a list, I think that's a little more clear.

> ![](C:\Work\Repos\Forks\aws-doc-sdk-examples\dotnetv3\SageMaker\Pipeline.PNG)

Reviewer 2: This looks like a windows path to the image. That's not right is it?

Author: Good catch, thank you!

### Pipeline Parameters

> The example pipeline uses [parameters](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/build-and-manage-parameters.html) that can be referenced in throughout the steps, and can be used to change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example pipeline uses [parameters](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/build-and-manage-parameters.html) that can be referenced throughout the steps, and can be used to change
```

values between executions. In this example, the parameters are used to set the Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
locations for the input and output files, along with the identifiers for the role and queue to use in the pipeline. 
The example demonstrates how to set and access these parameters.

### Geospatial Jobs
A SageMaker pipeline can be used for model training, setup, testing, or validation. This example uses a simple job

> for demonstration purposes - a [Vector Enrichment Job (VEJ)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/geospatial-vej.html) that processes a set of coordinates to produce human-readable 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for demonstration purposes: a [Vector Enrichment Job (VEJ)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/geospatial-vej.html) that processes a set of coordinates to produce human-readable 
```

> addresses powered by Amazon Location Service. Other types of job or jobs could be substituted in the pipeline instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
addresses powered by Amazon Location Service. Other types of jobs could be substituted in the pipeline instead.
```

# Create and run a SageMaker geospatial pipeline using an AWS SDK

## Overview

This scenario demonstrates how to work with Amazon SageMaker pipelines and geospatial jobs.

A [SageMaker pipeline](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/pipelines.html) is a series of 

> interconnected steps that can be used to automate machine learning workflows. Pipelines can be created 
> and ran from SageMaker Studio using Python, but you can also work with them using AWS SDKs in other
> languages. Creating, running, and monitoring operations for SageMaker pipelines are all available using the SDKs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
interconnected steps that can be used to automate machine learning workflows. You can create and run pipelines from SageMaker Studio by using Python, but you can also do this by using AWS SDKs in other
languages. Using the SDKs, you can create and run SageMaker pipelines and also monitor operations for them.
```

> ### Pipeline Steps

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Pipeline steps
```

This example pipeline includes an [AWS Lambda step](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/build-and-manage-steps.html#step-type-lambda) 

> and a [callback step](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/build-and-manage-steps.html#step-type-callback), 
> which are processed by the same example Lambda function. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
and a [callback step](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/build-and-manage-steps.html#step-type-callback). 
Both steps are processed by the same example Lambda function. 
```

This Lambda code is included as part of this example, with the following functionality:

> - Starting the SageMaker Vector Enrichment Job with the provided job configuration.
> - Starting the export function with the provided export configuration.
> - Processing the Amazon SQS queue messages from the SageMaker pipeline. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Starts the SageMaker Vector Enrichment Job with the provided job configuration.
- Starts the export function with the provided export configuration.
- Processes Amazon SQS queue messages from the SageMaker pipeline. 
```

![Pipeline image](../Images/Pipeline.PNG)

> ### Pipeline Parameters

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Pipeline parameters
```

> The example pipeline uses [parameters](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/build-and-manage-parameters.html) that can be referenced in throughout the steps, and can be used to change
> values between runs. In this example, the parameters are used to set the Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The example pipeline uses [parameters](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/build-and-manage-parameters.html) that you can reference throughout the steps. You can also use the parameters to change
values between runs. In this example, the parameters are used to set the Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
```

locations for the input and output files, along with the identifiers for the role and queue to use in the pipeline. 
The example demonstrates how to set and access these parameters.

> ### Geospatial Jobs

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Geospatial jobs
```

A SageMaker pipeline can be used for model training, setup, testing, or validation. This example uses a simple job
for demonstration purposes: a [Vector Enrichment Job (VEJ)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/geospatial-vej.html) that processes a set of coordinates to produce human-readable 
addresses powered by Amazon Location Service. Other types of jobs could be substituted in the pipeline instead.

## ⚠ Important

* Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
* Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
* We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

## Scenario

### Prerequisites

> To view pipelines in SageMaker Studio, you will need to [set up an Amazon SageMaker Domain](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/gs-studio-onboard.html).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To view pipelines in SageMaker Studio, you need to [set up an Amazon SageMaker Domain](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/gs-studio-onboard.html).
```

> To use geospatial capabilities, [you will need to use a supported region](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/geospatial.html).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To use geospatial capabilities, [you need to use a supported Region](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/geospatial.html).
```

> You may use the provided input file, or provide your own. The AWS Lambda function is provided as a zip archive, but can also be

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can use the provided input file, or provide your own. The AWS Lambda function is provided as a zip archive, but can also be
```
